c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll.config
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.pdb
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll.config
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.pdb
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.dll
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.pdb
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll.config
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.pdb
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.pdb
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll.config
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.pdb
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\ASPNET_03_LISTAGEM\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.pdb
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll.config
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.pdb
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.dll
C:\Benner\alura\ASPNET\NOVAPASTA\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.pdb
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll.config
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.pdb
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_04_CADASTRO\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.pdb
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll.config
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.pdb
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_05_MODEL_VALIDATION\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.pdb
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.pdb
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll.config
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.pdb
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\stag009\Desktop\ASPNET_06_DETALHES_PRODUTOS\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csproj.CopyComplete
